Add ssr.noExternal to the SPA template vite config (#8928)
remix-run/remix: docs/future/spa-mode.md

- You cannot call `serverLoader`/`serverAction` from your `clientLoader`/`clientAction` methods since there is no running server -- those will throw a runtime error if called

- It's important to note that Remix SPA mode generates your `index.html` file by performing a "pre-render" of your root route on the server during the build

  - This means that while you're creating a SPA, you still have a "server build" and "server render" step, so you do need to be careful about using dependencies that reference client-only aspects such as `document`, `window`, `localStorage`, etc.
  - Generally speaking, the way to resolve these issues is to import any browser-only libraries from `entry.client.tsx` so they don't end up in the server build
  - Otherwise, you can generally solve these by using [`React.lazy`][react-lazy] or the [`<ClientOnly>`][client-only] component from `remix-utils`

> - The [SPA Mode template][spa-mode-template] includes the Vite [ssr.noExternal][vite-ssr-noexternal] config by default to automatically bundle all of your dependencies during the server build to avoid most ESM/CJS issues
>   - This may slow down your build a bit -- if so, you can try removing this config, or switching to a more targeted array config of the targeted dependencies you wish to bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [SPA Mode template][spa-mode-template] enables the Vite [ssr.noExternal][vite-ssr-noexternal] option by default to automatically bundle all of your dependencies during the server build to avoid most ESM/CJS issues
  - This may slow down your build a bit — if so, you can try removing this option, or switching to a more targeted array containing the specific dependencies you wish to bundle
```
